Gmail Notifier
==============

Simple python script that checks through imap and displays a notification. Currently tested only on ubuntu 11.04 Unity desktop.
The notification displays the sender, the subject and the first words of any text part the email may contain.
Also it changes the images if there are unseen emails.
There have to be images called "normal.png" and "new.png" for the two status's in the same directory as mail.py. Be careful with the size, they should be around 16x16 pixels. (Sample images are provided)

Third-Party
-----------

It uses ezPyCrypto to decrypt the email and password using public/private keys. So as to not store the email and password in plain text.
Download from http://www.freenet.org.nz/ezPyCrypto/ It explains also how to install
I had some problems with the IDEA and RC5 Ciphers not being present.
Download from http://www.4shared.com/file/1ToL6wqJ/ezPyCrypto-011tar.html to avoid that problem

Setup
-----

Run "python create_keys.py" to generate the private and public keys.
Run "python encrypt_info.py <email> <password>" to encode email and password.

There should be 4 new files now:
1.  .ex_mykey.pub ~> contains public key used to encrypt / generated by create_keys.py
2.  .ex_mykey.priv ~> contains private key used to decrypt / generated by create_keys.py
3.  email ~> binary file containing encrypted email address / generated by encrypt_info.py
4.  pwd ~> binary file containing encrypted password / generated by encrypt_info.py

The last three files are vital for mail.py to work properly and must be in the same directory.

Running the notifier
--------------------

1.  python mail.py
2.  ./mail.py
3.  Double clicking the file and selecting run should work too, if the allow executing file as program is selected.


Any questions, please ask.

WARNING: This script does not handle exceptions, if it stops working try running it from the console to see what the problem is.
